

--- Page 1 ---
A Life of 
Monsters and 
Hope 
 
 
ROBERT MCMURRER


--- Page 2 ---
Copyright © 2023 Robert McMurrer 
All rights reserved. 
ISBN:  9798862285659


--- Page 3 ---
DEDICATION 
 
 
This book is dedicated to victims like me not only victims 
of child abuse and people with mental disabilities but, 
victims of the legal system that still needs to be fixed and 
need to find other ways then railroad people in jail and 
find ways to let them fight a case on the outside if there is 
a chance that they are innocent.


--- Page 5 ---
CONTENTS 
 
 
 Acknowledgments i 
1 William Claude Shelton 1 
2 The Shelton Family 7 
3 The McMurrer Family 12 
4 Robert McMurrer 23 
5 The Australian Scammer 35 
6 Los Angeles Legal System 48 
7 Robert McMurrer 79 
8 Online Scammers 112 
9 Releasing Monsters 117 
10 New Outlook 120


--- Page 7 ---
i 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 
 
 
I would like to acknowledge Terry Ryndress and Ashely 
Wright and their family.  I would also like to acknowledge 
Brian Atkinson at Affordable Towing for helping me when 
I needed help and Mad Hyena to help me build my social 
skills.  I would like to say a big thank you to the city of 
New Castle, Indiana.


--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 WILLIAM CLAUDE SHELTON 
 
 
I had several monsters in my life full of different names and 
faces that hurt me in different ways.   The first of these 
monsters will be my biological father William Claude 
Shelton who was a sexual predator that went after children 
for his own perverted needs and sometimes I still have 
nightmares of what he did to me and other  children and it 
took me years to get over guilt of his cr imes and a large 
amount of my life I would blame myself for what he did and 
it would have a negative reaction on my life.   
    The fear of William will be one of the reasons I will 
become homeless later in my life and stay homeless and I 
would admit I am still a little scared of him. 
    Willaim was born on June 3 rd, 1955, to Wiley Claude 
Shelton and Joyce Liloa Shew and I know at least Joyce was 
also a monster I could not find any information on his 
father. 
    I would be told that he was abused as a child, and I do 
not think that gave him the right to do what he did and 
monsters that hurt children should be arrested and never 
released and in the case of William he should had been 
executed.  
    William from what I was told by different relatives has


--- Page 10 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
2 
served in the military and one story that I heard that I am 
not sure is true is that when he was overseas, he had his 
privates made smaller th rough surgery and sexually raped 
some kids mostly boys while he was serving and was 
dishonorably discharge and the records was sealed. 
    He married my mother Dawn Marie Boyer when she was 
only seventeen and he was twenty-three on November 27, 
1978, and my older sister Christina Marie Shelton was born 
Christmas day of 1979 and I was born on June 1st, 1981, in 
Beech Grove, Indiana as Bobby William Shelton to William 
and my mother Dawn Marie Boyer. 
    I was born as a breech baby which means I came out butt 
first with the umbilical cord wrapped around my neck 
choking me and a few times in my life I wish I would have 
choked and died back then because of how painful my life 
will be later. 
    They got a divorce when I was two years old, and my 
mom would stay in Indiana and would later marry David 
Lawrence McMurrer and William took me to live with him 
and his mother Joyce in Mobile, Alabama.  Christina will be 
sent to live with Marie’s mother in Saint Louis, Missouri. 
    Marie would later claim that she did not know what 
William was doing and did not think he would hurt his own 
son but, he did, and I will carry the mental scars with me for 
the rest of my life. 
    We were living with his mother Joyce Lynn Shelton who 
did not really do anything but watch as her son hurt kids 
and sometimes take pictures of the victims that they kept in 
photo albums. 
    William sexually, physically and mentally abused me and 
other kids and he used me as bait to get other victims.  He 
would take me to places and forced me to play with the 
other kids while he talked with the parents.  If I did not or 
refused, he would use his belt to  beat me until I could not 
move.  I was not sure if I couldn’t because of the pain or 
because of fear.   
    His mother Joyce Shelton would peek in on him when he


--- Page 11 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
3 
was sexually abusing me, and other children and she would 
sometimes watch and take pictures a nd I cannot help 
wondering what type of mother will allow her son to do this 
and watch him do these crimes.  She almost seems proud of 
her son and supported him in a sick way. 
    William would sometimes starve me, and I would go for 
days with no food but, Joyce would sometimes sneak me 
food when he was not looking but, if she really wanted to 
help, she would have William arrested and get me out of 
there. 
    When I did what he said, he convinced the kids to come 
home and play with me.  I would feel bad because when we 
do get to the house William would lock me in my bedroom 
which later, I would call my cage and not to long later I 
would hear his victim crying and yelling for him to stop but, 
he doesn’t and to this day I feel guilt at what he did and wish 
he would stop hurting others. 
   I would go for days without food and random beatings 
not sure what I did wrong or how to stop him.  I think a 
few days were because he had a bad day at work. 
    William worked at an office for AT&T working on a 
computer at a cubical.  I was taken to his work a few times 
and some of his coworkers asked about my bruises, and he 
just told them that I was sick.  I believe he lied to them and 
said it was AIDS but, I ne ver had that, and I was scared 
around them because if I did something wrong, he would 
give me a worse beating. 
   He threatens to kill me several times and I believe d him, 
and I remember once being in the living room and looking 
out at him through the window putting a big black trash bag 
in the back seat of his car and I believe it was one of his 
victims.  I believe a few too many times he got too violent, 
and it cost a few of them their lives. 
    I sometimes feel it was my fault and if William did not 
have me, he would not b e able to get other victims but, 
doctors and counselors would tell me that he would just find 
another way to get his victims and I should not blame myself


--- Page 12 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
4 
but, I could not help it sometimes. 
    I would be haunted for several years because of the 
victims he got using me and growing up I would have 
nightmares where I could hear crying and screaming, and I 
just wanted it to stop. 
    Willaim was an unstoppable monster and would let 
others abuse me and he enjoyed it, and I would wish I was 
dead after he was done with me. 
   Sometimes when William was at work Joyce would 
pretend to be nice and sneak me a sandwich or let me in the 
living room and watch television and my favorite television 
series w as the classic George Reeves ’s Superman and I 
would wish that Superman would crash th rough the wall 
and save me and take William away to jail. 
    She would also put on the Disney channel and put on 
cartoons and other shows but, I preferred Superman 
because I felt he was a s ymbol of hope unlike Mickey 
Mouse. 
    William would have a few toys in the house that he would 
use to mostly trick other victims but, one of the toys  that I 
liked was a Superman action figure to give me hope and 
Superman will always be a big part of my life even though 
he was not real. 
    I believe Superman was the main reason I survived 
because I had hope for a better future and I believe that 
truth and justice will catch up to the Shelton’s and save 
victims like me. 
   I would try to hide the Superman action figure in my room 
and would look at it to keep me calm when I was alone and 
if I heard William or Joyce near my room, I would try to 
hide Superm an because I was afraid, they would take 
Superman away from me. 
    I would try to do what William says because I wanted to 
avoid getting hit by the belt or beaten.  I hated music 
growing up because he would play music and sing when he 
took me someplace in  the car.  I believe because of him I 
did not like music until I was in high school.


--- Page 13 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
5 
    Most of the time when he took me someplace it was 
because he wanted to share me with someone or because he 
wanted to take me to a public place with other kids to try 
and get more victims that he could bring home and hurt. 
    He would mostly share me with someone in a motel 
room or at their house but, I rem ember a few times they 
came to William ’s house, and I did not know if th ey paid 
William or if William would just let th em hurt me for 
nothing. 
    I would wish someone would catch him and was not sure 
why the other victims did not tell anyone.  I assume that he 
threatens them like he did me but, he got away with this for 
so long and made me sick that no one saw any signs that he 
left.  I wish one would ignore his threats and tell a parent or 
cop but, maybe one did, and they ignored it or thought they 
were making up a story or maybe one that threatened to tell 
William got rid of before they had the chance. 
    I truly believe William got away with a lot of crimes that 
he will never be charged with, and he got away easily and if 
I had the ability, I would lock him away and throw away the 
key because he does not deserve freedom just like the rest 
of his family.  A family full of sick perverted monsters. 
    Justice will hit William but, in my mind, justice took too 
long, and justice was too light on him for his crimes.


--- Page 14 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
6 
 
William Claude Shelton in 2012 
 
 
This is how he looks in 2023. 
 
William Claude Shelton as he looks on the sex offender 
database.


--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 THE SHELTON FAMILY 
 
 
William and Joyce were not the only two monsters in the 
Shelton family.  William will let other members of his family 
abuse me and some of them will come to his home and 
William will leave to the store or go into another room while 
his family memb er hurt me and William just did not care 
and a few times I remember going to a family reunion which 
I do not recall where it was but, it was a long drive from 
Mobile, Alabama in a big house.  I do not know if it was in 
Alabama or a nearby state but, the house was at least two 
stories and I remember a barn and outdoor tables with food 
that the different people brought and a grill fixing hot dogs 
and hamburgers. 
    William will get excited when we are getting ready to leave 
and tell me not to act up and do anything that any adults tell 
me at the event or when we get home, I will regret it and it 
will be the last thing I do in my life  and anytime he said 
anything like that I always felt like he was serious and a few 
times I wanted him to end my life. 
    We will leave ea rly in the morning and the sun was still  
out when we arrived.  The first time I did not know what 
would happen but, later I would experience the nightmare. 
    When we arrived at the big house each time, we went I


--- Page 16 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
8 
was nervous and scared.  It was a large group of people with 
their children and the first thirty minutes to an hour 
everyone seems happy and eating while ta lking with each 
other but, later they will switch kids and we would be forced 
to have sex with other members of the Shelton family. 
    Not all the children are their biological children because 
I remember one of the years seeing an African American 
female and if I had to guess the age, she was eight or nine 
years old.  I remember one point seeing her crying.  I was 
assuming after one of the members of the Shelton family 
sexually abused her. 
    The whole Shelton family was monsters in my eyes for 
what they were doing to her and using cameras and 
camcorders to document everything.   I am surp rised that 
none of those videos or pictures was found by the police or 
FBI because I was sure they made copies for each other. 
   I was wishing I knew what to do and wish someone would 
stop them from hurting us.  It seemed mostly the male 
members of the Shelton family was sexually hurting us but, 
I did see female members at these reunions but, was unsure 
if they were also sexually assaulting the children or just 
watching. 
   They would get a few of the children together and forced 
them to have sex with each other they would just watch and 
play with themselves while talking to the other adults about 
the different kids and the whole thing makes me sick but, if 
I refused to do anything or did not follow William’s orders, 
he will threaten my life and later beat me with a belt. 
    Several members of the Shelton family in the future will 
be arrested and will be put on the sex offender registry but, 
mostly for having pictures and videos of children or abusing 
a minor when they really abused a lot more than that, but 
they were just not caught .  Some members like William 
would try to avoid getting his face in his pictures of his 
victims and I am sure other members did similar things like 
that just in case they are caught. 
    I feel the whole family should had been locked away and


--- Page 17 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
9 
never released because of the pain and damage that they 
caused to several people not just me.  I wish I could testify 
against each and every one of them. 
    One day  in 1989  I was in the living room with Joyce 
watching me and there was a knock at the door.  It was two 
police officers that came in and looked around and  when 
they got to his bedroom, they found several photo albums 
full of naked pictures of his victims and he made a deal to 
confess to child porn if they did not bring any charges to his 
mother Joyce. 
    Joyce was a part  of his crimes, and she should had 
received several years behind bars for helping him and other 
Shelton family members conduct these crimes with children 
but, William made a plea deal when he was arrested that he 
would plead guilty if no charges was placed against her but, 
later when he was released, he will move back in with her in 
Midway, Arkansas. 
    In January of 2010, in Baxter County, Arkansas, William 
will be arrested again when he  took his computer to a 
computer repair shop and the shop find several videos and 
pictures while repairing his computer and notified the police 
who searched this home and found several hard drives, discs 
and DVDs full of child porn and he was arrested for having 
the items. 
    Joyce Shelton will die on June 2nd, 2018, at the age of 85 
without ever being charged with any crimes because her kids 
will take the fall and make deals for her.  She fooled several 
people, and I am glad she is no longer around but, should 
have been punished for her crimes and I will continue to tell 
the world what her and the Shelton family had done. 
    Years after William was first arrested, I would not count 
the events of what happened to me with my sex life, and I 
would be honest that I never had sex not count ing what 
happened in my childhood and I feel what happened to me 
as a child is the reason why no one wants me. 
    I will continue to look up William online to make sure he 
is nowhere near me, and I feel if we were in the same room


--- Page 18 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
10 
that I would kill him for what he did to me and others and 
look forward to one day turning on my computer and 
looking up his name and reading he would pass away that 
unfortunately has not happen yet.


--- Page 19 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
11 
 
An article about William Claude Shelton arrest.


--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 THE MCMURRER FAMILY 
 
 
After Willaim was arrested my biological mother Dawn 
Marie McMurrer and the man who will be my adopted 
stepfather David Lawrence McMurrer came down to 
Mobile, Alabama from Indianapolis, Indiana to get me and 
I was scared because I did not know who they were or what 
they might do to me.  They had me leave everything behind 
including my Superman action figure. 
    On the way to Indianapolis, I was upset, almost crying in 
the backseat because I wanted Superman.  We stopped by a 
store and went to a toy aisle, and they told me that I could 
pick any toy that I wanted, and I was still upset that we left 
my Superman action figure behind because as far as I was 
concerned the action figure was my only friend.  I picked a 
toy Ghostbuster car that was big enough to fit action figures 
because I had the hope that I would get that Superman back 
and put him in it but, I will never see my Superman action 
figure again. 
    Years later I would sometimes  go online looking for 
another of that action figure but, never had the money when 
I saw one pop up on an online auction. 
    When we arrived at the house on A shland Avenue in 
Indianapolis it was very late and dark.  My older sister and


--- Page 21 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
13 
younger brother were asleep, and I was nervous about 
walking in and what would happen to me a fter I did walk 
into the house because at th at point in time these people 
were strangers to me. 
    I would do things that worried Marie and David for 
example Marie was cooking grilled cheese sandwiches and 
after it was cooking for a while I walked over and was eating 
the sandwich out of the hot pan without reacting and I will 
go outside with several feet of snow with only shorts on and 
did not act cold and would walk around and sit and they did 
not know what to think. 
    They took me to a few doctors, but none had any good 
answers for them and over time I acted more normally and 
reacted to things like I should. 
    I had social issues and had trouble talking to other people 
and mostly ate alone at lunch and had no  friends and deep 
down I was afraid to make friends because I was afraid if I 
made a friend then they might get hurt even though William 
was locked away and I wanted friends but, not sure how to 
get friends.  I tried to block everything that happened to me 
because of the Shelton family. 
    Other kids in the schools would make fun of how I talked 
and how I walked, and I would get beaten up for being 
different. 
    I would get upset when people would tell me that I 
looked like William  when he was my a ge or that I am 
looking more like him because to me Willaim was a monster 
and I do not want to look like a monster and for most of 
my life I did not want to look at myself in the mirror because 
of those comments. 
    The doctors and counselors would advise David and 
Marie that it would be best if they had me do afterschool 
activities and every year I would ask to join cub scouts and 
they would say no they do not have the money and time for 
that and I finally stopped one year when I asked David in 
line at Comcast and he claims that they asked me the 
previous year and I said no but, I knew that was a lie because


--- Page 22 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
14 
I would had never said no about that.  I felt sad and 
depressed beca use of that night and that evening I took 
several pills and tried to overdose but, unfortunately it did 
not work, and I just got sick and vomited.   
    My older sister Christina Marie McMurrer did not like the 
fact that I was in the same school as her and when we were 
in middle school and in high school, she told everyone what 
William did to me and I was bullied and beaten up and 
people made fun of me even making jokes about my butt 
hole. 
    In the mid 1990’s I  was in the living room watching 
Power Rangers and David came in and shouted at me and 
told me that I was too old to watch that crapped but, I loved 
it and enjoyed watching it and felt that David was putting 
me down and making me sad and depressed.   
    In early February of 1996 I convinced David to take me 
to a car show called the World of Wheels .  I did not  told 
him why I wanted to go but, he took Brian and I to the car 
show and I asked him after we got there if I could get in line 
to get Austin St. John’s autograph and at the moment I did 
not think he knew who that guy was and I stood in line and 
I told Austin hey and he repeated Hank and I told him no 
Robert and I received his autograph. 
    After I got the autograph David got on my case and was 
telling me that I was too old for shows like that but, at the 
time I was fourteen and did not feel like I was too old for 
shows like this and I did feel bad when he will say negative 
things about me and what I liked to watch. 
    I loved it when I got my hands on a little bit of money 
and rented Power Rangers videos among other superhero 
movies and television shows at the local Blockbuster Videos 
but, had to watch them w hen David was gone.  Marie did 
not have a big problem with that and if she was home, she 
would just go to her bedroom to watch television. 
    I loved superhero’s theme shows and movies but felt 
embarrassed about what I liked.  I always wanted to dress 
up and go to a comic book convention  but, every time I


--- Page 23 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
15 
would do something creative David or Marie would sho ut 
at me for making a mess and ruining a shirt and  tell me to 
grow up, I never had the money to go to a convention and 
David and Marie will tell me to act my age and costumes is 
just for kids and not teenagers or adults. 
    I wish my parents would let me join clubs or join a group 
but, when it came to me, they never had the money or time 
but, with my younger brother or older sister they find the  
money and time.   For example, I wanted to do an 
afterschool drama club and they said no but, my brother 
wanted to do soccer and they got him all the gear and went 
to all his games and practices and forced me to go and 
watch. 
    When I was sixteen years old, David and Marie forced me 
to get a job as a busser at MCL Cafeteria that I kept for 
several months but, I was getting stressed out and feeling 
overloaded. 
    One evening it was raining outside and I was pacing, and 
I fell to the ground and had a flashback remembering what 
I blocked out about William, and I got up and ran almost 
punching Marie thinking I saw William and David tackled 
me down, but I fought him off and ran out into the rain and 
kept going for a few blocks. 
    The Indianapolis Police stopped me and gave me a choice 
to go home or go to juvie.  I did not like the choice, but I 
walked home in the rain as the police car followed me home 
and I ran into the bedroom that I shared with Brian and 
barricaded the door and sang all night. 
    The next day I was taken to a Behavioral Health Hospital 
and as soon as I arrived, I wanted to leave, and several guys 
tackled me when I was trying to break down the door and 
took me to a room and strapped me to a bed. 
    I was in the hospital for a c ouple months and had to do 
some outpatients for a few more months.  I hated it and I 
felt it did not help me but pretended for them to get home 
sooner. 
    I did not feel comfortable working at MCL because they


--- Page 24 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
16 
all knew that I was in the hospital and I decided to quit but, 
David and Marie told me if I quit I had to get another job 
and Marie got me a job as a truck loader at a juice warehouse 
but, my title was bottle cleaner because I was too young and 
if anyone showed up I need to be at a big plastic tub cleaning 
broken bottles because of child labor laws. 
    I did not like the job and I felt uneasy working there and 
I applied for Blockbuster Videos which Marie was late from 
picking me up from the warehouse and I could not go home 
to clean myself and I show ed up to my interview late and 
completely dirty and the current store manager Jeff took me 
into the back room and we talked and he was impressed 
with my knowledge of movies and decided to take the 
chance and hire me but, because of my social skills they had 
be mostly running the movies back to the s helves.  I had 
trouble holding paper money and sweeping because holding 
paper money or sweeping felt like nails on a chalkboard in 
my head. 
    I would walk home from Blockbuster because they were 
always too busy and did not have time and I would spend 
that time talking to myself and going over everything that is 
wrong with me.  I remember one night walking down 
Richardt Avenue s inging Man Of La Ma ncha out loud to 
myself to help pass the time as I walked. 
    I lo ved working at Bl ockbuster Videos and renting 
movies for free but, did not like walking back and forth and 
will sometimes head to work extra early and sit and eat at 
the Subway on the other side of the strip mall. 
    One day David came home after taking karate lessons 
and said he was invited to be in a mobile phone commercial, 
and he was going to take Brian and I with him and a day or 
two later we went to a race track and a nice lady by the name 
of Helen Wells was there and checked us in and even though 
it rain off and on I had fun and enjoyed it. 
    Helen tried to talk to David about me joining  the Helen 
Wells Agency and he said he would think about it but, later 
he said he did not have the time or money.  A few people


--- Page 25 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
17 
would tell me later that they saw me in the commercial, but 
I never saw it. 
    This was my f irst experience in the entertainment 
industry but, it will not be my last experience and I am glad 
that I came and did this because it gave me a chance to be 
someone else other than Robert McMurrer.  Instead of 
being Robert McMurrer I was a racing fan. 
    After we were done, we checked out and left and he went 
to an ATM and gave Brian what he made that day but, he 
told me that my money was going to my rent.  I felt sad and 
a bit upset.  I feel David and Marie loved Brian and Christina 
more than me and they really did not want me at all but felt 
that had no choice but, to put up with me and my 
depression.  They helped my older sister with FASA and 
getting an apartment and help to pay her first month but, 
when it came time for me, they did not help me even though 
I was interested in going to college but, the paperwork was 
too stressful for me to do by myself, and they never had 
time to sit down and help me. 
    On July 4th, 1998, I went to an outdoor concert with my 
sister in downtown Indianapolis called the Uncl e Sam Jam 
and I could tell she did not want me to go, and I met 
someone there that I would later be told was most likely a 
hallucination because of my depression and loneliness and 
I danced with her, and we kissed but, I never got her name 
or any informati on.  I would like to think she was not a 
hallucination but, everyone told me I was dancing alone the 
whole time.  If she was real, it was my first kiss but, if she 
was not then I never been ki ssed but, I believe sh e was a 
hallucination because I thought I saw her years lat er in 
Arizona but, when I ran to her on the other side of the street 
she vanished. 
    I wanted to go to another concert to hopefully meet 
someone and went to the H.O.R.D.E. Festival on July 17th, 
1998, at Deer Creek A mphitheatre in Noblesville, Indiana 
using money that I saved up after paying David and Marie 
rent money.


--- Page 26 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
18 
    I ended up walking around sad and depress watching 
everyone else having fun and wishing I had someone and 
was thinking that I wasted my money.  I smelled a lot of 
weed in the air, but I liked the music, and it was some 
different bands that liked listening to on the radio but, wish 
it was easier for me to meet people. 
    After David’s mother passed away in 1998 David told me 
and Christina that if one of us get our driver’s license that 
he would give us the car.  I needed someone to take me to 
take the test and I needed a car to use, and David and Marie 
were always too busy and did not feel comfortable with me 
using their vehicles.  David sold the car after it appears 
Christina was not interested in getting her driver s license 
and I felt sad and upset and felt like David did not give me 
a chance and I felt he lied to me. 
    I we nt to prom alone which was held in Down town 
Indianapolis, and I spent most of the time in a suit alone at 
a table wishing someone asked me to dance.  I did have a 
deposable camera and I just used it to take pictures of myself 
and would throw away later because I felt like a los er that 
no one wanted. 
    When it was over, I just walked around downtown alone 
feeling sad and depressed and crying because it looked like 
everyone was having fun except for me. 
    When I was eighteen, I was forced to move out and not 
sure where to go but, was able to get a studio apartment not 
too far away and I was a bit scared of living on my own.  
    I was the class of 2000 at Warren Central High School 
and they celebrated it by getting a professional music artist 
by the name of Vitamin C and s he sung her hit song 
Graduation and after her concert for the senior class I ran 
to Karma Records on Post Road to buy her CD and get her 
autograph but lost it over the years  and within the last few 
months of attending high s chool they pulled me into the 
office and asked me about attending another year but I was 
tired of getting made fun of and beaten up and I wanted to 
do afterschool clubs or groups but, did not have a car to get


--- Page 27 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
19 
around and I told them I can’t even after they told me I 
could start my own club. 
    I did try to join  the Army and Air Force but, my motor 
skills were too slow even though I passed the ASVAB test 
with flying colors.


--- Page 28 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
20 
 
Robert McMurrer 91/92 Yearbook 
 
Robert McMurrer 92/93 Yearbook


--- Page 29 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
21 
 
 
Robert McMurrer 1997 Yearbook


--- Page 30 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
22 
 
 
Robert McMurrer 1998 Yearbook


--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 ROBERT MCMURRER (PRE-LEGAL 
DRAMA) 
 
 
After I was kicked out and forced to live on my own, I was 
not sure who I was or what to do with my life.  I continued 
to work at Blockbuster Videos for a while longer but was 
depressed because I did not have any friends or family and 
I felt that they would not promote me because they did not 
think I could m entally handle it, and no one wanted me 
because of everything that happened to me.  At least I am 
not getting bullied in school because I have already 
graduated.  
    I heard about a program called Job Corp and I decided 
to sign up and went to the Atterbury Job Corp Center in 
Atterbury, Indiana and I decided to do the medical course 
and took the CNA training. 
    While at Job Corp I took drivers ed and was able to get 
my driver’s license and was glad that I received it even 
though I did not have a car. 
    I was doing my training at a nursing home just off the 
base and I was working there when September 11 th 
happened and I was walking around the nursing home while 
all the televisions wa s showing airplanes crashing into the


--- Page 32 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
24 
World Trade Center Towers and at first, I thought it was a 
movie but, later realize it was really happening. 
    That December when my training was done and I was a 
CNA I was offered a job at  the nursing home but, did not 
want a life cleaning bodily fluids and wiping people’s butts 
after they used the bathroom.  I received a plane ticket from 
Job Corp from Indianapolis, Indiana to Phoenix, Arizona 
because I heard David Lawrence McMurrer was living in 
Apache Junction, Arizona but, he did not want me living 
with him.  I found an apartment in Phoenix near the Tempe 
border and was able to get a job at Hawkins Centerpoint 11 
in Tempe, Arizona working as an usher cleaning the theater 
and sometimes tearing the tickets.  I still had a little problem 
with s weeping and holding money, but I would bite my 
tongue when it was too much. 
    The good thing about working there is from time to time 
I got to work a cross the street at the one screen theater 
called Hawkins Valley Arts which was the original Hawkins 
theater which the founder Red Hawkins first opened and 
lived in when he was starting his company and I love history 
especially entertainment history. 
    One day I was riding a bike from my apartment and 
before I even left the complex I was hit by a car and I was 
fine, but the bike was bent up a nd unrideable but the nice 
lady who hit me gave me a ride to work after I put my bike 
in a dumpster. 
    After the first year there I moved to an apartment closer 
to the theater so I could walk easier to the theater.  I felt sad 
and depressed and would sometimes walk around ASU 
campus wishing I was a student and wishing I could make 
friends. 
    David McMur rer contacted me in late 2002, which 
shocked me because it sometimes feels like he wishes I did 
not exist but, he contacted me because my younger brother 
was living with him, and he wanted to know if he could 
move in with me in Tempe, Arizona for a short time.  I tried 
to say no but felt guilty in saying yes and he moved in with


--- Page 33 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
25 
no job and no way to help me pay the rent or any bills.   
    One afternoon we were in the apartment and there was a 
knock at the door.  Brian did not even look outside he 
opened the door, and a bunch of young African American 
people came in and one held and knife to my neck while the 
others went around taking stuff from my apartment 
including food from my refrigerator and then left.  I would 
find out later that Brian knew them and set this up and later 
they gave him weed for the stuff they stole for me.  He got 
a job at an outdoor stand near my job not that long later. 
    One day not too long later I was enjoying lunch outside 
and I saw him running up towards me and he handed me a 
bunch of cash which I was shocked because he shouldn’t 
get paid yet and that night when I got home, I saw a bunch 
of stuff he b ought including jerseys.  I had enough and 
called David to take him back and from what I understand 
David drove him back down after he was supposed to get 
paid and Brian claimed the stand was robbed and he was  
kidnapped, and the owner did not believe him, and Brian 
did not get paid from that job. 
    Early 2003 I heard my favorite actress was in a movie in 
her first and only nude scene and I did some research and 
made a fake website for a bogus movie rental store and sent 
an email to the distributor stating I was interested in having 
that movie in my store to rent and they sent me a screener 
of Pursuit Of Happiness with Amy Jo Johnson who was the 
first pink ranger in Power Rangers and I was a bit 
disappointed because it was short and you could not really 
see her.  They could had easily put a body double in her 
place.  My favorite movie of hers other than the Power 
Rangers movie that came out in 1995 will have to be The 
Perfect Body in which she was a gymnast fighting an eating 
disorder. 
    One day in March of 2004, I was reading about a website 
called BeInAMovie.com and they were looking for people 
in Los Angeles and I decided to sign up to be in Coach 
Carter in a basketball scene as a fan and I was not getting


--- Page 34 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
26 
paid to be there and I had fun pretending to be someone 
else for a change and wanted to do this more often. 
    I took a Greyhound bus there and back and not that long 
after I got back, I was looking up random things online and 
found out William Claude Shelton was out of prison but, 
was all the way in Arkansas and I was a bit scared that he 
would come and find me.   I was remembering everything 
him and his family did to me, and I gave the movie theater 
two weeks’ notice and, in that time span I got a bag and 
decided to be homeless in Los Angeles. 
    I had a cell phone, and I bought a few other items like a 
portable black and white television and a few outfits.  I did 
called David and told him that I was leaving a bunch of stuff 
in the apartment if he wanted to come and get it and to get 
the keys from the office.  I do not know if he ever did or if 
everything was thrown away. 
    I took the Greyhound bus to Hollywood, California and 
stayed near the station that night and the next day I made 
my way to the UPS Store to get myself an address for job 
applications and after I got there and opened a box because 
I figure that they would not double check the address. 
    When I got back to Hollywood Boulevard a person was 
handing out free tickets to a taping of a talk show in 
Burbank at NBC Studios which years later will be called 
Burbank Studios and I started walking towards there using 
the mini map on the ticket as a guide. 
    When I got there, I was tired, and I saw the ramp going 
up to the 134 freeway and decided to walk up it and instead 
of going to the taping slept next to the freeway hiding in big 
bushes. 
    The next morning, I got up after a good night’s sleep 
listening to the cars going by me.  I made the way to Johnny 
Carson Park and found a free paper stand and I took one 
and read t hough a paper and saw a job fair at Universal 
Studios Hollywood and another ad for a casting company 
by the name of Print Models Network that c an get you 
booked on movies and television series, and I decided to go


--- Page 35 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
27 
to both. 
    I was first hired by Universal Studios first as a studio tour 
operator and then they changed their mind and put me as a 
rides operator for T2:3D the ride and Print Models Network 
hired me and told me to go to Central Casting in Burbank 
and pay a fee to get on their books but, years later they will 
stop charging the fee to join them, and I loved working with 
them on several movies and television series. 
    I remember the day I joined Central Casting I was 
walking there and I was hungry and was debating to get food 
but, if I bought food then I would had not been able to join 
Central Casting because I would not had enough money and 
I continue walking there and I was excited when I join ed 
and got a picture for them and I walked back to my campsite 
with my stomach growling and nothing I could do about it 
because I was out of money. 
    A rides operator for T2 :3D was nothing more than a n 
usher cleaning the th eater between shows.  I enjoyed the 
theme park but wish I was not homeless .  I would use the 
employees’ showers on my days off to help keep me clean  
and keep some shower supplies there. 
    I was booked on my first background acting job for 
Central Casting. They wanted me to play as a soldier in a bar 
in Old Towne Pasadena for a television series called Medical 
Investigations. I only had a few dollars and decided to walk 
from my spot next to the 134 freeway right by NBC Studios 
in Burbank to Old Towne Pasadena. I ha d a good idea on  
how to walk and what direction to take and I could always 
ask for directions along the way.   I started heading to 
downtown Burbank and then walked through Glendale and 
it took me all night to get to the job site. I stopped and sat 
down several time s and near the end of my walk my feet 
were hurting me, and I did not want to take my shoes off 
because I was afraid of how they might look. I arrived about 
an hour before call time, and I relaxed with my big bag of 
stuff which was mostly clothes.   They had me mo stly 
standing around drinking a fake beer and even playing a fake


--- Page 36 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
28 
game of pool with other people while pantomiming which 
was talking without making a noise otherwise just moving 
your lips. 
    The whole time my feet were hurting but I did not care 
because this is what I wanted to do.  I would even have my 
feet chopped off if I was allowed to act.   I did not like 
Robert McMurrer because Robert McMurrer had no friends 
no matter how hard he tried to talk with people and tried to 
be nice. 
    When they were done filming and we was wrapped I 
walked as far as I can and finally asked a bus driver to take 
me as close as he can to the area of Burbank that my spot 
was, and he dropped me at a different bus stop and gave me 
a paper to give to another  bus driver that will get me back  
to Burbank. 
    My spot was near the hospital in Burbank, and I walked 
in, and they had to peel my socks off my feet. They then 
soaked my feet and let me rest in the hospital for the night. 
    A nurse later came in with new socks and a new  pair of 
shoes.  I wanted to be a background actor for the rest of my 
life, and I was glad I signed up with Central Casting  in 
Burbank that made my dreams possible. 
    One day I got booked with Central Casting on one of my 
favorite shows that I worked on which was Joan of Acadia 
starring Amber Tamblyn who at the time I had a bit of a 
crush on but, I had trouble talking to people especially her 
because I was afraid of saying the wrong thing and, I was 
embarrassed of my living situation .  On this episode they 
told us to dress like we were going to a sci fi convention, 
and I went to my storage unit to see what I had but, did not 
see anything and then I decided to go to a Goodwill store 
and b ought a bright red shirt and brown pants and at a 
different store and b ought silver duct tape and this scene 
was on location in Long Beach. 
   Long Beach was a long trip from Burbank, and I decided 
since I had an early morning call time to just go to Long 
Beach and stay up all night walking around the areas until


--- Page 37 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
29 
closer to the call time I put the tape around my waist a few 
times like a belt and then I made my way to set and after I 
got there an older guy who I think was a part of the crew 
asked me if I knew what channel the show was on but, I did 
not have electricity or a television and I told him that I did 
not know.  Then hair and makeup people drew an eye on 
my forehead and put an aluminum foil hat with a red strobe 
light on the top of it.  It was fun but, during lunch time craft 
services had a table for everyone and as I was eating my 
plate a homeless person tried to get some food and the 
Production Assistance person that oversaw the background 
chased the homeless guy away.  I wish I could have given 
the guy my plate but, was afraid that I would get in trouble, 
and I was even more afraid to tell people that I was 
homeless.  My favorite was Joan of Arcadia, and my second 
favorite was American Dreams. 
    I worked on both shows several times and on Joan of 
Arcadia a few times I got to eat off the main cast table and 
on Am erican Dreams they had a prom episode that was 
better than my real prom.  I was at Sony Stud ios so much 
the guard jokingly said they should just give me an ID badge 
and I wish they would. 
    I was up a little late one night calling the Central Casting 
job line and they were looking for skateboarders that can do 
tricks for Arrested Development at Fox Studios.  I called 
and they asked if I knew how to ride a skateboard and I said 
yes even though I never been on a skateboard before and 
then after I got booked for my first AFTRA union job I 
raised to the Toys ‘R’ Us in Burbank and arrived just before 
they closed and was able to buy a skateboard and spent all 
night trying to teach myself how to ride a skateboard but, 
not very good and I arrived extra early and walked  around 
the backlot making my way to where they was filming and 
they did not even have me ride the skateboard they just had 
me next to a car and looking at it and I got to sit and eat 
with the cast including Jason Bateman and Jessica Walters  
who I thought was fa ntastic actors.  I was a litt le nervous


--- Page 38 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
30 
around them and did not know what to say because they are 
great actors, and I was just a nobody. 
    Central Casting booked me on Iron Man which I never 
heard of Iron Man when I was first booked.  It was in Irvine 
and was a very long walk from Burbank and decided to buy 
an Amtrak ticket the night before and spent all night walking 
around the area and smartphones at this time was not  that 
big and I had a regular mobile phone and could not look up 
Iron Man but, I was p laying a reporter in the last scene 
where he says the famous line that he  is Iron Man .  I was 
near the back row, and you could not r eally see me, but I 
am glad that I worked on it.  I am a big Marvel fan now and 
would watch the movies when they came out in the theaters 
and now, I love Iron Man.  
    One day I got up and went to my UPS box and received 
what I thought was a money order.  I thought maybe it was 
for an acting job that I did and decided to take a bus to the 
bank and when I gave it to the teller, she said she was having 
computer problems and walked away not too long later. 
    Some officers came in and took me outside and told me 
the money order was counterfeit and I was locked up for 
the day and I was scared, and I was taken to the Twin 
Towers Jail for a couple days and could not believe what 
happened and I was scared about what happened. 
    I found a place called Cornerstone which was a part of 
San Fernando Valley Mental Health in Van Nuys, California 
and was introduce to my first case worker Susie which I did 
not like, and she seemed like a mean by the books person 
who did not have time for her clients. 
    The clients could hang out at the center if they did not 
sleep or if they were caught sleeping, they were asked to 
leave, and I asked Bonnie who oversaw helping people get 
jobs about helping me look for a new better paying job and 
she was always to busy to help the clients and had a negative 
attitude with everyone.  I caught her several times just sitting 
around watching television. 
    The back patio had a wall surrounding it and most of the


--- Page 39 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
31 
clients and some staff would go there to smoke weed and it 
seems like most of the time someone was blasting rap music 
with a lot of swearing. 
    Susie had to talk to the clients from time to time and one 
time she looked up my biological father on the internet and 
she told me a couple of times that I looked like  him which 
made me angry and I would go to my campsite next to  the 
freeway and thought about jumping into traffic because of 
what she said about who I looked like and I did not want to 
look like that monster. 
    Around this time, I started writing poetry because I was 
inspired by a company called Write Now Poets and some 
events that Amber Tamblyn hosted, and I put my poems in 
some notebooks that I had and  would publish years later 
and sometimes I would lose some because the notebook s 
would get messy because of the elements like the rain.  I 
would try to keep my stuff in a small storag e unit and that 
is why I stay clean because that is where I keep my nice 
clothes but a few times I would need to take my suit to my 
camp site because my storage unit was closed for the night.  
I would change out of i t in a public  bathroom and change 
into regular clothes before I go and sleep for the night. 
    From time to time, I would go back to my campsite and 
see it cleaned up because they would have people walk down 
the freeway and cl ean the trash and I guess that inclu des 
everything at my campsite.  I would get upset but would try 
not to leave anything that was impor tant to m e and every 
time I left for the day or night; I would be afraid of coming 
back with everything gone. 
    I continue to work for Universal Studios for a couple of 
years while homeless.  I loved working there and with my 
employee ID I had access to the backlot  and would go to 
the employee bank on the backlot and would walk to one of 
the backlot restaurants and when I see the studio tour tram 
passed by, I would wave to them like I was someone 
important and sometimes people will take pictures of me 
like I was an actor.


--- Page 40 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
32 
    One game that I sometimes play over the years is to find 
and watch something that I worked on and see if I can find 
myself.  I sometimes jokingly call it Where’s Robert. 
    Cornerstone got me on SSI and SSDI but did not have 
room for me in any of their transitional homes and I had to 
continue to remain homeless sleeping next to the freeway in 
Burbank while on the section 8 waiting list. 
    On June 15th, 2007, I applied to be a seat filler for the 34th 
Annual Daytime Emmy Awards and received a reply to be 
at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood at 2:45 pm and I raced 
to my storage unit and changed into my su it and arrived 
early and waited in line. 
    I always wanted to go to an award show and was hoping 
to one day go to one as an actor or filmmaker.  I was lucky 
because they put bleachers on the stage, and I was able to 
stay in the same seat the whole time  watching the whole 
show and was able to keep the program to the show.


--- Page 41 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
33 
 
Robert McMurrer on “7th Heaven” Why Not Me? (2004)


--- Page 42 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
34 
Robert McMurrer on “Arrested Development”  
Queen For A Day (2005)


--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 THE AUSTRALIAN SCAMMER 
 
 
I am not going to use her full name because even though 
she will confess what she did in court she was never 
charged, which I am still angry about because they wanted 
to take my life and she got to keep her green card. 
    I met her on Craigslist, and star ted chatting with her 
January of 2008, and she was about five years older than I 
was at the time.  I was looking for someone to take pictures 
of me to send to agents and casting directors and even 
though I was homeless I kept myself clean and a good 
amount of my stuff in a storage unit. 
    After exchanging a few emails  where she talked about 
being an entertainment reporter who cover a lot of red-
carpet events, we met at the North Hollywood Red Line 
station, and I was wearing a nice outfit and she took a series 
of pictures of me and told me that we could meet the next 
day and she would load everything on a CD. 
    The very next day we met back at the North Holl ywood 
Red Line Station, and she gave me the CD and I gave her 
cash.  She talked to me about being my public relations 
agent and getting me on the red carpet to some events and 
I should have said no but, I figure I will give her a chance 
and we agreed on a monthly fee.


--- Page 44 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
36 
    Not too long later I was able to get a section 8 apartment 
in the Hollywood area  on Canyon Drive and I felt my life 
was coming together and I was able to get some furniture 
including a computer, so I did not have to go to the library 
to look up things or apply for jobs. 
    One day Amber stopped by and asked to use my 
computer to check her email and show me what she did and 
as she was in her email, I had my back turn and I believe 
that is when she installed a keylogging program on my 
computer which this was a program that copied everything 
that I typed including passwords and secretly emailed it to 
her with screenshots of my screen. 
    I do not know when but, at some point after she collected 
some information about me, she slowly opened accounts 
online pretending to be me.  She showed me a basic press 
release about myself she told me she wrote and claimed she 
was sending it to different casting agents. 
    One day I heard her on the phone when we were meeting 
at a red line station and she was using another name on the 
phone she was calling herself as Mellissa which I should had 
taken that as a red flag but, then I figured it was Los Angeles 
and just to ignore it. 
    From time to time, I would record myself on the steps of 
my section 8 apartment which was more like a loft and read 
some of my poetry and then later upload them to YouTube 
and share them on different social media platforms. 
    In June of 2008, I was considering on firing Amber and 
told her that I wanted to talk with her and she contacted me 
back saying she wanted me to come to Grauman's Chinese 
Theatre for a movie premiere and to being a camcorder that 
I bought and I thought she was finally getting me exposure 
and I arrived and saw it was the Love Guru premiere but, I 
would get dis appointed that she wanted me to be her 
videographer and she would had be record her at different 
events and kept me busy editing her videos for no pay. 
    I won a MySpace contest that I did not realize I entered 
but, I was a big fan of Heroes on NBC and w as invited to


--- Page 45 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
37 
walk the red carpet on September 7th, 2008, along with the 
cast of the series at The Edison Downtown in Downtown 
Los Angeles.  I told Amber and she asked if she could go 
with me, but I  told her that I could not bring guests even 
though I was allowed one.  I am glad she did not go, and it 
was my first red carpet, and I could not wait to watch it on 
TV. 
    It was a great evening and I felt truly happy, and I shook 
the hand of Adrian Pasdar who was one of the stars of the 
series and did not want the night to end.  It is one memory 
that I felt like I will never forget and if Amber went it would 
not have been as magical and what she would do later in my 
life might have destroyed the memory. 
    I received a gi ft bag with a n action figure and a USB 
bracelet with the MySpace logo and a few other items.  This 
would not be my last gift bag and I would go to other events 
in the future but, this was my first and I wish I did not lose 
these items but, I would after what Amber would do to me. 
    I found out when the event would be on TV and bought 
a DVD recorder from Circuit City and recorded it and used 
my computer to freeze a frame and got the picture framed 
and I put it in my living room. 
    One day, I was walking from the apartment to the Red 
Line at Hollywood and Western and  when I was a block 
away, I received a phone call from Amber, and she acted 
scared saying she was attacked, and the attacker was in her 
apartment.  I was planning on letting her go again because I 
felt like I was throwing money away with her services but, I 
was worried, and I ran to her apartment that was not too far 
away. 
    I will later find out it was all an act and she staged 
everything to manipulate me.  As I got close, she was hiding 
next to the dumpster in an alley behind the apartment and 
she had a bla ckeye which I will be told years later was 
makeup and she told me the attacker was in the apartment 
and she told me which apartment and I was in and saw her 
door open and it looked like the apartment was toss but,


--- Page 46 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
38 
nothing was really destroyed.  I would find out one of her 
friends Gary Wayne Taylor also known as Kaptial Balla 
came over and she had him help her tosh the apartment to 
help fool me. 
    Before this point I did not have feelings for Amber and 
thought of her as a coworker but, after this point I thought 
maybe we could have a relationship and did not really saw 
the signs of her using me. 
    She came walking in behind me acting scared and I 
believed her, and she was afraid of sleeping there just in case 
the attacker came back.  I told her that I lived in a section 8 
apartment and could not really have other people live with 
me and I asked her if there were any other people that she 
could stay with and she said no and I offer to call the police 
but, she said if they show up, she could be deported back to 
Australia because her VISA was expired. 
    I finally caved and let her stay with me but, told her it 
could only be for a day or two and she agreed but she would 
not keep her word.  I would sleep on the  couch while she 
took my bed. 
    One night we went to Miyagi ’s which was a Japanese 
restaurant that did karaoke  and Laura Silverman who is a 
great actress but, some peop le know her as Sarah 
Silverman’s sister said hello to  me and I was shocked and 
wanted to talk with her but, did not know what to say or 
how to say it and for some  reason Amber was talking and 
acting really drunk.  Back then I thought sh e was really 
drunk but, thinking about it now after e verything she had 
done, I think she was faking it and I wish I could go back 
and sit and talk with Laura because  maybe the bad things 
that happened would not happen.  I would tweet Laura 
years later and tell her sorry about what h appened.  Maybe 
Laura would have introduced me to people who would not 
hurt me. 
    I had to pay for a taxi to get us back to my place and when 
we arrived, she started getting less drunk and I think now 
she was afraid of me making friends  and she would not be


--- Page 47 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
39 
able to use me like she was doing at the time. 
    She had to change the name of her entertainment 
company and she trick me to be put down as the owner and 
I would find out make it easier to trick people because the 
previous company took a lot of money from several people, 
and she started doing things to set me up and help get her a 
new green card.  She did talk to me about doing a green card 
marriage to get her citizenship. 
    A month or two after she moved in the landlord told me 
that I need to kick her out or he would e vict me, and I sat 
down and talked to her.  She said she was about to come 
into some money, and she still claimed that she had 
nowhere to go and convinced me to put my name on a one-
bedroom lease for an apartment in Sherman Oaks. 
    She would create a fak e work letter claiming to be my 
employer saying that I made more than I really did, and she 
told me that she will be getting money under the table and 
pay the difference since I had to give up my section 8 
apartment.  She could not be on the lease because they 
might discover her VISA status and she will get deported, 
and I thought that story made since. 
    Two of the most popular ways to get citizenship is to get 
married to a citizen or be a victim of a crime and I believe 
she was slowly doing things to make herself look like a 
victim but, I did not know it yet. 
    She never kissed me or had sex and she had the bedroom, 
and she would do things like walk around with an open robe 
with nothing else on just covering her breast and private.  I 
think now that she was hoping that I would have sex so she 
would claim rape but, I did not, and I think sh e was upset 
with that because she wanted her citizenship and I glad I did 
not but, I thought she was attractive, and I wanted to kiss 
her or have se x and if she would had asked me I would 
probably would had said yes but, she never asked or talked 
to me about it. 
    At some point when I was not home, she had a friend 
come to the apartment and take nude pictures of herself


--- Page 48 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
40 
where she pretended to be asleep and hide them on my 
computer which she would confess to years later to an 
officer at the courthouse. 
    Gary called me one evening when I was in the apartment 
alone saying he had Amber and what will I do about it and 
I heard her crying and screaming in the background but, it 
was an act and I caught a cab and went to where she told 
me before where he lived and when we got there he beat me 
up and I she acted like she was going to run but, turn and 
smile and jump in the cab and I slowly got up and ran to the 
cab and went back to the apartment bruised up. 
    It took me a week or two to heal up completely and then 
one day Amber acted sick and had me go to the store in the 
rain and on the way back I was interview by the news and 
used my DVD recorder and uploaded the clip to YouTube 
and used it as a part of my demo reel. 
    Amber convinced me to get up very early one morning 
and go to Hollywood to bid on a car at a police impound 
auction and I ended up getting a Kia that had a few 
problems that needed to be fixed but, it ran and I drove it 
back to Sherman Oaks. 
    I started to get bills in the mail from different collection 
agencies claiming that I owed different companies a lot of 
money and she used my information to create several 
accounts and doing things like buying eighteen thousand 
dollars’ worth of smart phones and when items was arriving 
she would make sure I was not home by having me go run 
some errands in different parts of Los Angeles and she 
would hide them and sell them on Craigslist. 
    She also paid for a trip for her mother to fly from 
Australia and a limo and I would later find out she somehow 
open a credit account under my name to pay for it and she 
paid for herself to go to concerts. 
    I asked her about the collection letters and bills, and she 
claimed she had no idea what those was about, and I was 
unsure to believe her or not and later I found out it was her 
and I told her I was going to the police station and file a


--- Page 49 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
41 
police report on identity theft, and she told me  not to and 
give her a week to fix everything. 
    I was unsure at the time how she got all my information 
because at the time I still did not know about the keylogging 
program, and I gave her a chance to fix everything which I 
was still angry and told her to find a new place because I did 
not want her in my place anymore.  I was hoping she would 
call the companies and tell them it was her because I told 
them it was not me and that it must had been identity theft 
and I could not believe how she did it because at this 
moment I was on SSI and SSDI and behind on my rent 
while doing some background acting jobs. 
    A day or two later I arrived at the apartment, and I saw a 
sandwich that she said she made and a dark plastic cup that 
she claimed was Gatorade but, the color looked off and I 
sat down, and I put the cup up to my lips and I did not drink 
any of the liquid at all. 
    The top of my lips touches the liquid, and it stings, and I 
faked having a sip and looked around and saw Amber 
looking at me and a bottle of Drain-O on the counter and I 
asked her why and her answer was that she did not want to 
get deported, and I stormed out.  I walked for a few blocks 
and a police car stop ped me claiming my roommate called 
and I tried to commit suicide and I was shocked because I 
would not think Amber would call the police but they claim 
it was Ida and we drove past the apartment and Amber ’s 
African American friend Ida was there talking to the police 
pretending to be my roommate and I did not know her but, 
see her sometimes talking with Amber in the past. 
    I was forced to go t o the Sherman Oa ks Hospital, and 
they did some tests and checked me out and a nurse told me 
that I should get her out of my life a fter I talked to a nurse 
about everything that happened up to that point.  I did not 
know everything would get a lot worse fast. 
    Thinking about it know I think she wanted me to die, and 
she was going to stage it as a suicide and plant herself as 
some type of victi m.  I believe by this point she planted


--- Page 50 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
42 
pictures and videos on my computer in a hidden folder 
where no one would find them unless they were looking for 
them. 
    I decided I had enough and was planning on fixing up the 
car which was a Kia and leaving Los Angeles and was unsure 
where I would move to but, I could not afford the 
apartment that I was living in and because of Amber I lost 
my Section 8 apartment, and my credit was nearly destroyed. 
    It was June 8 th, 2009, a week after my birthday and like 
most birthdays I did not do anything, and I felt Amber was 
out of my life and was unsure to file the identity theft report 
or just block her and maybe leave California. 
    I was on a metro bus with a radiator fan for my car and 
then all of a sudden, I got a call from Amber saying she was 
sorry and was trying to fix everything but, she needed more 
time and she asked me to stop  by the UPS Store because 
she was forwarding her mail to there because I wanted her 
out and did not want to deal with her  anymore.  The store 
was located near my apartment before I went home and I 
first said no but, she kept bugging me and I fi nally caved 
and said yes but still stayed on the bus to go home. 
    The following events and court case I was afraid to tell 
anyone because I did not want anyone assume something 
about me that is not true and if anyone asked me if I was 
arrested I would tell them that I was but, lie and tell them 
that it was for drugs and not what it was really for and I do 
not really like to talk about the following events or the legal 
drama that happens because it was a painful chapter it my 
life and I lost a lot and it  made it harder for me to trust 
people and even years later I would watch my back because 
I feel like I will get hurt again. 
    I got off the bus and saw two people at my door in plain 
clothes the woman identified herself as Melanie Senneff 
with the Los A ngeles Police Department and the guy said 
he was with the Postal Department and that they were 
they’re because of a report of identity theft.  I did not file 
that report at least not yet but, I was assuming one of the


--- Page 51 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
43 
companies that I told it was not me called them. 
    They asked me if they could go in and talk with me and I 
felt that I did not have anything to hide and let them in to 
talk with me.  I sat myself down and sat on the couch and 
the guy went straight to my computer and took the side off 
and plugge d something in and not to long later several 
images from pictures and videos  that I never seen before 
appeared on my computer and I was told later after I was 
arrested that a few pictures were of Amber nude that I never 
seen her naked or nude before.  They said the computer was 
password protected and I was the only one on the lease.  I 
knew Amber did this somehow in some way  she knew the 
password to log into my computer and see had a copy of 
the key because she was living there until recently. 
    They asked for my wallet and looked  though my cards 
and asked for cards with a certain last four numbers, but I 
had no idea what they were talking about. The card s in my 
wallet were the only ones I had, and it seemed like they did 
not believe me. 
    I will find out later Amber used a prepaid c ard like the 
ones you could get at any pharmacy and could go online and 
attach anyone name and address.  She then somehow knew 
when I was not home and used a copy of my key, she had 
to use my computer and order a video from an FBI monitor 
website.  I do not know how she knew it was an FBI 
monitor we bsite but, she did hang out with a lot  of 
criminals, and it was possible that someone else was charged 
or arrested for buying from that website and told Amber. 
    I was arrested and they did not believe my story and I felt 
they thought I was making Amber up and they did not think 
she was real.  If they talked to the landlord, the landlord 
would tell them that she was real and was living there. 
    At the time I was unsure why she would do t his to me 
and what could be in it for her.  I would find out later this 
was her big plan to stop me from going to the police about 
her stealing my identity and to make her look like a victim 
for her to get a green card.


--- Page 52 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
44 
    I would find out after I was arrested, she logged into my 
bank after I was a rrested and transfer every cent from my 
account into an unknown account and the day after I was 
arrested the landlord saw her with a few guys taking 
everything out of my apartment.  I would find out she sold 
everything on Craigslist.


--- Page 53 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
45 
 
 
 
The stairs that went up to the second floor of my section 8 
apartment/loft where I kept my bed.


--- Page 54 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
46 
 
 
Sitting in my section 8 apartment  thinking my life was 
getting better before Amber forced herself in my life.


--- Page 55 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
47 
 
 
Robert McMurrer on the news April 2009 a couple of 
months before he would be arrested talking about the 
weather.


--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 LOS ANGELES LEGAL SYSTEM 
 
 
After I was booked into the Van Nuys Police Station, I was 
going through my head at everything that happened and was 
trying to figure out how and why Amber did this to me and 
what I should do.  Melanie Senneff and the other officer did 
not believe me, and I was unclear if they thought I was lying 
about Amber.  I knew I was there because of Amber but, I 
just needed to somehow prove that to the police and the 
court system. 
    I tried to call David McMurrer because he helped B rian 
McMurrer my younger brother with money and looked up 
stuff for him when he was arrested for bank robbery but, he 
refused to help me and told me not to call him again. 
    They transferred me to the Twin Towers Jail, and I 
mostly sit around thinking about the last episode of 
Smallville where Clark Kent was upset because he lost 
Jimmy Olsen and Louis went missing, he told Cloie as far as 
the world is concern Clark Kent is dead and I was laying 
there and telling myself as far as the world is concern Robert 
McMurrer is dead and I felt like giving up. 
    After a few days in jail, I was taken to the Van Nuys 
Courthouse and I received a restraining order for Amber 
that she filed at a completely different courthouse which she


--- Page 57 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
49 
got using fake emails and text messages that she made using 
a spoofing program.  I did not know what was going on or 
knew anything about the spoofing and keylogging programs 
at that moment.  I would learn about that later. 
    A spoofing program is a program that you can make it 
look like someone is texting or calling you from any number 
and she used it to make it look like I was trying to call her 
several times and se nding threating texts but, I never did  
and they could had contacted my phone provider and 
confirmed the dates and times of the  calls and texts the  
provider could had told them that those was not sent from 
my phone but, the police did not bother to double check. 
    I could not fight my case and her civil case at the same 
time, and they never took me to the other courthouse where 
her civil case was being taken place and because of that she 
was given a green card for being a victim but, we will show 
much later that she lied and scammed for that green card, 
and I wish that they took it away from her. 
    My public defender who was Michael Gottlieb refused to 
fight my court case and he told me that he did not believe 
in my innocence and kept forcing me to take a deal of no 
contest and I kept saying no and I know that I would not be 
able to prove my innocen ce while locked up and I felt if I 
found proof to my innocence that they would overturn the 
no contest and find me not guilty in these charges. 
    No one bothered me while I was in jail, and I was lucky 
to have a cell to myself and was going over everything in my 
head and read a few books from a library cart that came by, 
and I did not tell anyone why I was there because I was 
afraid of getting beaten up. 
    Michael would sometimes give me magazines to read 
when I went to the courthouse, but he still did not believe 
me and would try to talk to me about taking a deal even 
though I knew I was innocent.  He acted nice but I did not 
believe or trust him. 
    I was debating everything to myself and was trying to 
come up with a plan and was telling myself what would


--- Page 58 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
50 
Clark Kent, Oliver Queen or even Bruce Wayne  do in my 
shoes with they were falsely arrested for a crime and could 
not use money or superpowers. 
    I decided to plead no contest on November 5th, 2009, and 
was later released from jail, and I knew I needed to act fast 
before they destroyed any evidence.   I checked my bank 
account and that is when I found out that my account was 
emptied but, lucky for me that a few checks were deposited 
after she did the transfer and I assumed she did not log back 
in later.  I did change my log in details and at this point I did 
not know about the key logging program yet. 
    The following day I met with the probation officer and 
told him my story and he told me he had seen and met 
several people who has been charged with this type of crime 
and he did not think I was the type and believe me and gave 
me some hope and later after I prove my innocence, I would 
call him and tell him thank you. 
    Apart of the no contest I had to register as a sex offender 
but, it would not last long because I knew I would find away 
to get the truth and clear my name but, it just took a little 
time.  I hated that I was on that list even though it was only 
on there for a few months. 
    I kept myself busy while researching my case and I loved 
going to Milli ons of Milkshakes and see the celebrities’ 
making milkshakes and one day on January 9th, 2010, I saw 
Stephanie Pratt make one and I was able to get a picture of 
her and later I went back to researching. 
    I kept calling the DA and the public defender office and 
continue to asking them about details of my case and details 
of the evidence and then they had enough and I made an 
under the table deal that if I get a passport and a ticket and 
agree to leave they will overturn the no contest plea and will 
set a new court date a date after my plane is supposed to 
leave and I agree but, I knew I would not keep my promise 
because I wanted to fight. 
    I went to an express seven-day passport center in Beverly 
Hills, to get my passport and I used a laptop that I bought


--- Page 59 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
51 
from a Best Buy to try and buy a plane ticket and I did not 
have enough to go to the UK .  I put my debit card det ails 
on the order form anyways and I got confirmation on a 
flight but, the payment did not go through but, that was 
good enough to fool them. 
    The public defender set a court date of April 23rd, 2010, 
and I came in with the printout and passport and he and the 
DA went to talk with the judge, and we started everything, 
and I was happy that everything was overturn and they 
assume they had enough of me but, they did not know that 
I will be there at the next court date. 
    On May 16th, 2010, I found someone that I recognize as 
someone who knew and talked to Amber a few times in the 
past and he was selling CDs at Hollywood and Highland 
and I briefly talked to him about helping me get proof and 
he told me he had a video of Amber talking about framing 
me and stealing my stuff.  He told me that he would burn it 
on a CD and sell it to me for $100 and he told me to meet 
him in the valley later that night and he would have it and 
would give it to me if I had the cash.  I should have known 
it was too good to be true. 
    I arrived there and it was very dark, and I had my cards 
hidden nearby with some other items.  Deep inside I knew 
it was a scam but, after a whil e a van pulled up and some 
guys grabbed me and took me somewhere that seemed like 
a park area and used taped to tie my hand and legs and I fell 
to the ground, and they beat and kicked me and then got the 
$100 from my pocket and said I better leave town bec ause 
I will never win. 
    I would lay there for a little bit and then slowly got the 
tape from my legs and made my way to the street and after 
a moment I realized where I was and made my way to the 
Sherman Oaks Hospital and I checked i n and asked them 
not to call the police. 
    The cleaned me up and let me lay down and the Van 
Nuys Police showed up and stressed me out and told me if 
I did not file a police report and they hurt someone else then


--- Page 60 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
52 
I could be charge for helping them or if I do file a police 
report and they cannot find them then I could be charge for 
filing a false police report.  Did they think I beat myself up 
and gave myself bruises and a black eye?  I told them a few 
times I asked the nurse to not call you guys. 
    The police finally left, and I lay there for a while longer 
and started making my way to where I hid my stuff and to 
my camp to think of a game plan and was looking for other 
court cases that was like mine and was trying to get legal 
advice. 
    On June 26th, 2010, I was invited to the Egyptian Theatre 
to watch a Joel S chumacher movie called Twelve and I 
thought I deserved a break for f ighting for my life in the 
court room and worrying about getting locked up each day 
I go to court.  I thought it was a great movie and I was able 
to get a picture of Joel Schumacher after the movie.  I wish 
I could have worked with him. 
    I continue fighting and researching on different legal 
websites and one day I started chatting with a lawyer by the 
name of Sholeh Iravantchi in Orange County about my case 
and we set an appointment for me to be in her office and I 
took a series of busses and arrived the nig ht before and 
walked around near where her offices was and I was scared 
about what she would said and I told her my story from start 
to that point in time and telling everything about Amber and 
her friends.  She believed me but did not take my case right 
away. 
    She came to the next court date and saw how the court 
system was trying to railroad me and she took my case 
without charging me and she brought in Terri Stout who 
was a private investigator that joined the team to fight for 
my innocence. 
    On November 8th, 2010, I went to court and the District 
Attorney requested for me to be held because they claimed 
that I had a bench warrant in another case claiming I never 
appeared in that case but, the jail never took me because it 
was Amber’s civil case and Judge Barry Taylor did not see


--- Page 61 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
53 
any reason for me to be held ev en though I was homel ess 
at the time I was not committing any crimes and I was doing 
everything that I was supposed to do.  I feel that they were 
trying to get me put back in jail in order to put more 
pressure on me and hope that I would take another deal. 
    I was working on publishing my first book but, while I 
was doing that, I would record my self reading th e poems 
that I will use and did a poetry album using a website called 
ReverbNation and my Poetry Madhouse album was 
available on iTunes on December 16th, 2010. 
    I will publish Poetry Madhouse using a website called 
CreateSpace on January 21st, 2011, and it was available on 
Amazon and a few other websites, and I kept writing more 
for other books that I will publish later but, I was happy and 
glad to see that, and it was something to help me get  my 
mind off the legal drama whil e Shoeleh and Terri fight to 
prove my innocence. 
    I got booked to work with some female porn stars on a 
GetRubber campaign promoting safe sex by using condoms 
and I was not counting what happened  to me as a child I 
never had sex and wish one of these actresses would take 
me home and I thought Bree Olson looked wonderful and 
I heard she was also from Indiana and was not sure how to 
talk with her and I open the door for her wishing to talk 
with her more but, I was afraid. 
    I was told not to do anything and do not worry about my 
case and I would keep myself busy by doing some stand-up 
comedy on March 22nd, 2011 in Hollywood, California but, 
I was not very good and only did it that one time and I did 
some writing and I used my money to film a short movie 
called A Lunch With a Friend about a guy eating lunch with 
a female friend and she warning him that he i s being used 
by a wom an to get a green card and my costar who was 
Deborah Rombaut felt sad about it and gave me a hug and 
I gave her a copy of the film plus extra videos and years later 
I uploaded the short to YouTube. 
    I did learn a few things from Amber and created a couple


--- Page 62 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
54 
of emails with different names and used one as my PR agent 
and claimed that I was representing Robert McMurrer and 
I would like him to go to your red-carpet premiere or VIP 
party and I was surprised how it worked so well and was 
able to walk down a few red carpets and see movies with the 
cast and crew of the movie. 
    On April 11 th, 2011, I found an acting job on Craigslist 
for a skit for Funny or Die to work with a celebrity in 
Encino, California and the ad and the confirmation email 
did not say what celebrity but, when I got there, I found out 
it was Tori Spelling, and they were filming in her home, and 
I had fun.  It was a parody of Hoarders, and she was hording 
people in the skit and when we were done, I got a picture 
with her in her living room.  She g ave us cash and snacks 
for helping her. 
    I did go to a psychic and asked about my legal problem 
and if I will ever have a girlfriend or at least have sex in my 
life. and she told me that she saw a dark cloud over me and 
saw me as a very old man in a roo m alone with no one in 
my life. 
    For my birthday on June 1 st, 2011, I thought I will do 
something to take my mind off everything and I took a trip 
to the Catalina Island because a company called the Catalina 
Express was offering a round trip boa t ride on y our 
birthday.  I took  videos that I shared on my social media 
platforms.  I got to Long B each extra early and spent the 
whole day there and took the last boat back to Long Beach 
and while I was there, I brought my self a nice di nner and 
walked along the beach.  I stopped me a museum and the 
local library. 
    I almost did not want to leave but I had legal problems 
and I did not have anyplace to sleep on the island, but I was 
sure I could have found a place. 
    I would find out that everyone, even Amber, had a rap 
sheet.  Amber did some scams in Georgia and Ida had a 
history of prostitution and Gary had a history of violence 
and been in jail several times.


--- Page 63 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
55 
    On August 26th, 2011, I was in the Van Nuys courthouse 
which will be my last time for this case but, when I arrived, 
I did not know it was and was afraid this endless series of 
court dates will never end. 
    I was scared when I sat down and saw Amber and Gary 
in the courtroom, and I shared my fear on social media and 
not to long later they took Amber into a back room and my 
legal team along with Officer Senneff and the DA.  I had no 
idea what they were talking about, and I was a bit scared.  I 
doubt Amber or Gary would have done anything to me in 
the courthouse but, I just stayed seated. 
    They came out and the charges against me were dropped 
but, they did not arrest Amber or charge her with anything 
which made me upset inside but, I was glad the nightmare 
against me was over. 
    I was told that Amber was presented with the fake emails 
and text messages she claimed were from me along with a 
video of her with another guy named Dennis planting the 
videos and pictures on  my computer.  She confessed to 
doing it and she faked the text messages using a spoofing 
program. 
    I did not understand why they did not charge her with 
anything when before they wanted to take my life and Terri 
thought maybe she was an informant.


--- Page 64 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
56 
 
 
 
Amber the Australian Scammer on my computer in my 
Section 8 Apartment/Loft claiming to be helping me.


--- Page 65 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
57 
 
 
Avalon Bay looking at the boats (June 1st, 2011) 
 
 
 
Enjoying my birthday while worrying about my case


--- Page 66 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
58 
 
 
Joel Schumacher and Robert McMurrer


--- Page 67 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
59 
 
 
Robert McMurrer with others on GetRubber PSA


--- Page 68 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
60 
 
 
Robert McMurrer preforming stand-up comedy.(2011) 
 
 
Robert McMurrer working in front and behind the scenes 
of Lunch With A Friend. (2011) 
 
 
 
Robert McMurrer and actress Deborah Rombaut  on 
Lunch With A Friend short. (2011)


--- Page 69 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
61 
 
 
King Ryan Event that took place in Studio City at the 
R Lounge on Ventura Blvd. (July 10th, 2011)


--- Page 70 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
62 
 
 
Torri Spelling and Robert McMurrer


--- Page 71 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
63 
 
Amazon Author Profile for Robert McMurrer


--- Page 72 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
64 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following items I was debating on putting in the 
book but, I have nothing to hide and decided to share.  This 
is the court docket for my case.  I fought it and won because 
I had people who believed and fought for me.


--- Page 73 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
65


--- Page 74 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
66


--- Page 75 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
67


--- Page 76 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
68


--- Page 77 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
69


--- Page 78 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
70


--- Page 79 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
71


--- Page 80 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
72


--- Page 81 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
73


--- Page 82 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
74


--- Page 83 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
75


--- Page 84 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
76


--- Page 85 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
77


--- Page 86 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
78


--- Page 87 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
79 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 ROBERT MCMURRER (POST LEGAL 
DRAMA) 
 
 
After the legal drama was over with, I was upset with myself 
because even though I won my case I lost everything else.  I 
wish I was not homeless living next to the freeway again and 
I miss the picture of me on the red carpet of the Heroes 
event. I wish I knew how to get some of my stuff back but, 
it was gone for good. 
    I eventually got a used car from a police impound auction 
that I slept in while doing background acting jobs which was 
a little cramp and a few months later I  went to a fast food 
restaurant near the North Hollywood Red Line Station and 
I sat down and not to long later Gary came in and I was a 
bit scared because he beat me up for Amber and he helped 
Amber to scam me and mess up my life and he sat down at 
my table and was not sure what to do but, was hoping he 
would not try anything in a reasonably crowed restaurant 
and he basicall y asked for my help because he believed 
Amber was trying to do the same thing to him that she did 
to me and I agree with him and pretended to be interested 
in hopes he would leave.  I did not want to leave because I 
did not want him to see what I was drivi ng or attack me


--- Page 88 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
80 
outside and steal my car.  He finally left and I waited awhile 
before I left because my heart was racing. 
    I would get pulled over by the police from time to time 
or will get woken up and when they pulled me up on the 
computer they would  see that I was arrested for what the 
Australian framed me for and from what I understood it 
said b ought from an undercover and I had to explain to 
them over and over again that the Australian b ought 
something from an FBI monitor website and it was not me 
but, they feel they had the right to have me to exit the 
vehicle and they would search it throwing some of my items 
on the street and they looked th rough my cell phone and 
laptop and they find nothing and they seemed upset and 
disappointed on that and I had to clean everything up 
otherwise they claimed they will give me a ticket for littering 
even though it was them that threw my stuff on the ground 
and some of my stuff was broken by them. 
    After a while I got a job at Universal Studios Hollywood 
working in the stores being numb and upset with my life.  I 
was not sure if I wanted to stay or leave California or where 
to go because I was haunted by everything that happened to 
me.  The perk I loved by working at this theme park was 
that I could use my employee ID to sneak into the backlot 
and walk around and feel the magic and history of the 
movies that were made there. 
    I would get myself invited to dif ferent red-carpet events 
or events on different backlots including advance screenings 
because I enjoyed giving myself self-guided tours and taking 
the long way around the studio to the place I needed to get 
to, and my favorite was Sony Studios and looking around 
the studio store and at least pretending to be important. 
    I went to a sex club in Van Nuys, California a couple  of 
times in hopes of meeting a woman and having sex but, 
because I have trouble talking to people, I would stand 
around and walk around naked in hopes a woman would 
ask me to join in and have sex with me.  Both times I would 
leave disappointed and felt that no one wanted me.


--- Page 89 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
81 
    I also got a motel room one evening and arrange to meet 
an escort from a website known as Backpage and when she 
arrived she told me that I was to nice and asked if I was a 
cop and I said no and she left without doing anything with 
me and I was thinking maybe I was too ugly even for a 
escort and it took me about fifteen minutes to realize that 
she left with the two hundre d dollars that I had on the 
dresser but, she was already gone and her phone sent me 
straight to voicemail. 
    I loved walking around Universal Studios and CityWalk 
because it seems like there was something always going on 
and I remember on March 29th, 2013, a few different young 
music artists were doing a concert and I watched and was 
able to get a picture with Megan Arial.  She was nice and 
listening to music is a great way to get your mind off your 
problems. 
    Other times I would go up and watch Extra live on 
CityWalk and I would receive free items and put them in my 
storage unit or when I had a vehicle put it in my vehicle and 
might sell later online. 
    Going to comic book conventions made me happy and I 
would enjoy going to WonderCon.  I went to WonderCo n 
in 2013 and 2014 and in 2014 I tried to dress up in a costume 
the first day but, no one still talked to me.  I love the replica 
displays they would have includ ing the replicas from Star 
Trek.  I always wanted to be on a Star Trek series or movie 
but, never had th e chance because they mostly film in 
Canada and I also wanted to work on Doctor Who but, that 
is filmed in the United Kingdom. 
    I love riding the metro rail even when I had a vehicle 
because it was fast and convenient.  I was afraid of who I 
might run into but, the different stations ha d cameras 
everywhere and I felt a little protective.  I would mostly part 
at the Universal Station beca use I feel i f the wrong person 
saw my vehicle at the North Hollywood Station and knew 
it was mine they might trash it and slash the tires  and the 
Universal Station had a bit more security it seemed like with


--- Page 90 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
82 
the theme park just up the h ill or when I was an employee 
of the theme par k I would drive up and park up there for 
extra security and walk down the hill. 
    One day while on Craigslist I saw a 1993 Ford Explorer 
for sale, and it looked perfect for me because the backseats 
folded down and I could sleep in it more comfortably than 
sleeping next to bushes next to the 134 freeway or one of 
the other cars that I b ought in the past that was a little 
cramp. 
    In March of 2014 I decided to take a couple of days and 
go to Las Vegas and film a few things for my different social 
media profiles, and I stayed at a nice place called the Riviera 
which was on the strip, and I walked a round Vegas and 
taking in the sights. 
    I love going to red carpet events and a good amount of 
them gave you a gift ba g full of free stuff for example the 
Sex Tape premiere on July 14 th, 2014, gave me a robe with 
eye mask and a shirt among a few other items. 
    In September of 2014, I was hired to play a sniper in a 
Penn and Teller movie called Director’s Cut.  I was Charles 
Whitman who was the Texas Tower mass shooter in 1966 
which took place in Austin, Texas but the movie was filmed 
in different parts of Los Angeles, and they only used me for 
a couple of days, and I had fun. 
    I felt like that I was an official actor at that point with the 
camera on me as I was pretending to fire the rifle at nothing, 
and I watched as they had people run around fake getting 
shot.  It was a great experience and I felt like I learned a lot. 
    I love working on music videos because they are a lot of 
fun and I was booked on a great female music artist by the 
name of Meiko her video was called Be Mine and I got to 
sit with another person and stand around while she sings 
and we hear the music playing and it was loads of fun and I 
love it when they send a call sheet so we know what will be 
happening. 
    My favorite premiere with my favorite gift bag was on 
January 10th, 2015, which was the Paddington Bear


--- Page 91 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
83 
premiere. The gift bag had a little teddy bear and book and 
some snacks to eat that I ate during th e movie.  All movie 
premieres always had free popcorn and soda or at least the 
ones I went to, and I enjoyed watching a movie knowing the 
actors were watching it in the same room as me. 
    I did trade shows from time to time and got paid to get a 
hair cut from American Crew and got paid for it and free 
products from them and the last time was on January 24 th, 
2015, in Long Beach, California.  Most of the time in 
California I did not pay for a haircut. I would wait for a trade 
show or on the set of a movie or show the hair person 
would cut my hair if it needed to be cut. 
    I was invited to go to a Geek and Sundry event on April 
11th, 2015, at their studios in Burbank.  I am a big fan of 
Felica Day and Wil Wheaten and I was glad to meet them 
and get a pictur e with Felica Day.  I was nervous and 
worried about sitting down and playing a tabletop game 
because I thought I would embarrass myself because I was 
afraid to do something wrong or say the wrong thing.  I 
would meet Felica Day again at a few conventions b ut will 
always be afraid to talk to her. 
    I was contacted to do a YouTube video with Matthew 
Santoro who was big on YouTube making videos about 
different facts and educational videos and the video he was 
doing was going to be about water. 
    When I arrived on November 3rd, 2015, they had me wear 
swimming trunks and dress as a starfish and were going to 
have me in a hot tub car during that part of the video and I 
had fun and was able to get a few pictures including one 
with him. 
    I loved going to even ts with an open bar even though I 
am not a big drinker.  I would go for years without drinking 
alcohol when I was in Los Angeles. I would only drink when 
it was free because of the living situation.  I remember on 
November 15 th, 2015, I went to ArcLight on  Sunset 
Boulevard in Hollywood, California to promote a series 
called Spotless and we watched the first episode on the big


--- Page 92 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
84 
screen and was able to meet the stars of the show and I got 
a picture with Tanya Fear. 
    I enjoyed the pilot but, did not have cabl e in my Ford 
Explorer and was not able to watch anymore episodes back 
then.  Some shows like this I would watch years later when 
I see it pop up on a streaming service. 
    On November 30 th, 2015, I got myself invited to the 
Ridiculous 6 red carpet premier e at Universal CityWalk to 
watch a Netflix movie on the big screen and I ran into 
Taylor Lautner who is best known for being the werewolf 
in the Twilight movies. 
    I was offered to be an audience member for a show on 
December 16th, 2015, and this will turn into one of my best 
memories and shocked because it was at the Hustler store 
in Hollywood, California and when I got there I saw several 
guests of the show was actors who played on different series 
of Power Rangers and it was almost a dream come t rue to 
meet them and see them in person and I was able to get a 
few pictures with some of them. 
    I did some upgrades to the Explorer like put a second 
battery under the vehicle where the spare tire is supposed to 
go with a metal cage to hold it and dril led holes and bolt it 
in place.  I add a solar panel on top and set it up to charge 
the second battery and an outlet for my nineteen -inch 
television and laptop. 
    I love watching television while laying down to go to 
sleep and in Los Angeles I was able to pick up several 
channels and I would connect my phone to the television 
sometimes to stream several shows and movies and 
sometime just random online videos. 
    I applied and started working for a food delivery app as 
an independent contractor and did delivery driving for them 
while living in my 1993 Ford Explorer and after awhile I 
decided to start looking for a new place to live and I found 
a cheap apartment in Killeen, Texas which is n orth of 
Austin and I gave my two weeks’ notice to Universal Studios 
and went to a few places for one last visit and drove most


--- Page 93 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
85 
of the way and found a place to park and sleep and I told 
myself this will be the last night that I will ever sleep in my 
vehicle and the next morning I got up and continue driving 
and I also told myself one day I will be back for a visit with 
some money and will try to buy stuff when and if I ever 
return to Los Angeles for a short visit. 
    I did food delivering in Austin while seeing a councilor in 
Killeen, Texas and got a job as an usher at a movie theater 
in Copperas Cove, Texas called Cinergy and not to long later 
I was slowly having trouble with my Ford and came a point 
that I needed to look for a new vehicle because I did not 
know how to fix it and keep it in one piece. 
    The councilor told me after a few sessions that the 
medications that Cornerstone was given me did not do 
anything that helped me, and they were just giving me 
medications for side effects that other medications was 
causing, and I might just need to live with the fact that I will 
always be alone because of my high functioning autism was 
making it hard for me to be social. 
    I was still upset about my legal drama and I d ecided to 
write to the current President who was Barack Obama 
telling what happen and how I lost everything and I got an 
almost generic replay. 
    On March 18 th, 2017, I re ceived a private tweet on 
Twitter f rom the offic ial Power Rangers Twitter account 
telling me about going to an advance screening of the new 
Power Rangers movie in San Antonio, Texas which is about 
two-and-a-half-hour drive from Killeen, and I got excited 
and made sure I did nothing on that day. 
    On March 22nd, I left extra early, and I was glad that I was 
able to watch the movie and was happy to see Jason David 
Frank and Amy Jo Johnson making a cameo in the movie  
and I wanted a sequel .  I slowly drove home and most of 
the way home was completely dark, and I did not like to 
drive at night with no streetlights. 
    August of 2017, I did a panel discussion  about writing 
and publishing a book and another about filmmaking  at


--- Page 94 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
86 
Geekfest in Killeen, Texas.  I had fun doing it and recorded 
it and posted it online later. 
    I did a background acting job a short drive from where I 
was living pla ying a church mem ber and it was a g ood 
experience and I wanted to continue to work on movies and 
television series but, I felt like there was not a lot near 
Killeen. 
    I was able to trade my Ford Explorer for a 2012 Toyota 
Yaris at Cedar Park Nissan in Cedar Park, Texas  on 
September 5 th, 2017.  Cedar Park  is in the north part of 
Austin.  I was sad about losing my Explorer and before I 
decided to go to the dealership, I was sitting in a parking lot 
and a bird landed on the hood just in front of the windshield 
and I watched it for a few minutes.   I was not even sure if 
the dealer would trade and decided to take the chance and 
drive there and they did, and I said goodbye. 
    The Yaris ran great the rest of the time that I was in Texas 
and I never had any problem with it but I hated living an 
hour drive from Austin because on days I do delivery I end 
up coming home when it is dark and most of the route is 
very dark and I was afraid of getting into an accident but, 
Austin was too expensive to live in and I prefer not to live 
in the city because I was afraid of running into someone that 
would scam and use me. 
    I would start to do things to keep myself busy and learned 
to 3D print and a small place like Killeen did not have a lot 
to do but, I would drive up to Waco or down to Austin to 
sightsee and try to meet people with no luck because I was 
afraid of talking to people and was not sure what to say. 
    I used apps like Tinder, Match and eHarmony but, no 
one ever chose me except scammers and bots.  I did not 
know what I wanted if I wanted a long-term relationship or 
something casual.  I would like to find someone that would 
at least kiss or make out with me and have sex but, I feel no 
one pick me because they see that I am ugly and broken and 
I would consider a prostitute but, it is illegal and I did not 
want to risk anything like that because I sometimes see on


--- Page 95 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
87 
television stings where they arrest prostitutes and johns who 
was trying to find a prostitute. 
    I was feeling that Texas was not the place for me and was 
looking for a new place that is not too far from a big or semi 
big city and try for one more fresh start and I figured why 
not go back home.


--- Page 96 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
88 
 
Before and after American Crew cut my hair  for a trade 
show.


--- Page 97 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
89 
 
Robert McMurrer and Felica Day


--- Page 98 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
90 
 
Robert McMurrer and Megan Arial (March 29th, 2013) 
 
Robert McMurrer at a Live Extra Show  
(September 12th, 2013)


--- Page 99 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
91 
 
Working At U niversal S tudios Halloween Horror N ights 
(September 21st, 2013)


--- Page 100 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
92 
 
Universal City Red Line Station (November 1st, 2013)


--- Page 101 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
93 
 
 
Robert McMurrer at 2013 WonderCon


--- Page 102 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
94 
 
 
Robert McMurrer at 2014 WonderCon


--- Page 103 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
95 
 
 
The 1993 F ord Explo rer and was  one of my favorite 
vehicles and I would lov e sitting in the driver seat and 
talking to her like she was a real person.


--- Page 104 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
96 
 
 
The inside of my 1993 Ford Explorer


--- Page 105 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
97 
 
 
Vegas Trip (March 2014)


--- Page 106 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
98 
 
Robert McMurrer at the Sex Tape premiere (July 14th, 2014)


--- Page 107 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
99 
 
 
 
On the set of Director’s Cut


--- Page 108 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
100 
 
 
 
 
Robert McMurrer behind the music artist Meiko


--- Page 109 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
101 
 
Robert McMurrer at the Paddington Bear premiere (January 
10th, 2015)


--- Page 110 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
102 
 
 
January 10th, 2015, Thinking About The Future


--- Page 111 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
103 
 
Matthew Santoro and Robert McMurrer (2015)


--- Page 112 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
104 
 
At the Spotless event promoting the series 
 
Robert McMurrer and Tanya Fear


--- Page 113 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
105 
 
Robert McMurrer and Taylor Lautner at Ridiculous 6 
 
Steven Skylar and Robert McMurrer - December 2015 
(Gold Samurai Ranger)


--- Page 114 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
106 
 
 
Robert McMurrer on “CSI: Crime Scene Investigation” 
Merchants Of Menace (2015) 
 
This was one of the last shows that I worked on before I 
left California.


--- Page 115 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
107 
 
 
Wearing a Megazord t-shirt to the Advanced Screening of 
the Power Rangers Movie on March 22nd, 2017, at  
Regal Cinemas Cielo Vista 18 & RPX


--- Page 116 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
108 
 
 
Letter From The White House


--- Page 117 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
109 
 
 
Signed By The President At The Time


--- Page 118 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
110 
 
 
 
 
Doing a panel at Geekfest in Killeen, Texas (August 2017)


--- Page 119 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
111 
 
 
 
The bird on my dashboard as I was saying goodbye to 
my 1993 For d Explorer be fore I traded in for a Toy ota 
Yaris.


--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8 ONLINE SCAMMERS 
 
 
From time to time in my life I had to deal with scammers 
on different social media platforms.  Most of the time I 
know almost right away that they are scammers and other 
times it takes me chatting for a little while to realize that they 
are scammers.  I do not trust anyone online that I have never 
met in person.  I do not give out personal details or money 
to strangers and if they start talking about sexual stuff or ask 
for pictures then I would start to slowly stop talking to them 
especially if I never met them.  If they keep pushing me, I 
might just block them. 
    I would sometimes get bored and would just chat with 
them giving them fake information and pretend to believe 
them but, I don’t and after a while I would tell them that I 
know they are a scammer and how I know that they are a 
scammer and might even share screenshots of the chats on 
my social media. 
    I did get scammed once when someone offer to meet me 
and even gave me an address but, I had to send them a gift 
card before I arrived and o n the way I stopped by a gas 
station and bought one and when I was outside the address 
I sent a picture of the scratch off card and a few minutes 
later the person did not reply and I decided to knock on the


--- Page 121 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
113 
door but, it appears that no one was home.  I sat i n my car 
and after a few minutes tried to redeem the card for myself, 
but it was already redeemed and the person at first was 
ghosting me and then blocking me. 
    I watch different videos on scams from time to time and 
try not to be a victim anymore.  If someone asked me to 
send them anything online, for example a gift card and I do 
not know them or even met them then I would say no and 
maybe block them from contacting me.  I think it is terrible 
what scammers do and how they prey on people. 
    I think it is important to keep people safe and stop these 
people by tracking them down and deleting fake profiles and 
somehow returning lost money. 
    Online scammers and predators who goes after women 
and children is the two biggest problems with the internet 
that needs to be fixed.  I sometimes see profiles that use my 
pictures and sometimes even my name to scam others and 
people would contact me and tell me about these scammers 
and I will try to find them myself and report them in hopes 
those profiles get taken down. 
    Most scam mers that use my pictures mostly use the 
pictures of me in a suit and pictures of me on the red carpet 
and at VIP events.  I think it is funny sometimes me chatting 
with myself trying to get information about who they are 
really. 
    I am no one important but, after I received a blue 
checkmark on my Facebook profile, I received offers from 
scammers who was trying to buy my profile or trick me to 
get my log in details for my profile.  The blue checkmark 
makes me feel important and almost like I am someone and 
I am extra careful with that account and no amount of 
money that they might offer will have me say yes and give it 
up and I will tell them that before I block them. 
    I do not have a lot of followers but, I felt like I earned in 
with the books that I p ublished and movies and television 
series that I worked on over the years and I believe that I 
could make a positive impact on others and believe my


--- Page 122 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
114 
mistakes are lessons for other people that hopefully will not 
make the same mistakes.


--- Page 123 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
115 
 
A scammer using my picture with a misspelling of my name.


--- Page 124 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
116 
 
Chats between me and a scammer.


--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 RELEASING MONSTERS 
 
 
Sometimes the monsters in your life can hold you back even 
though they might have been gone for decades.  William is 
the first and I would have nightmares of him finding me and 
doing harm to me or anyone that might be close to me.  I 
was also afraid of meeting the wrong person or people and 
getting scammed and/or framed for a crime.  I thought of 
all the times that I believe that I should had died but, did 
not for one reason or another. 
    A vivid dream that I had several times  during my life is 
of me walk ing around a gr aveyard and all the tombstones 
would have Bobby Shelton or Robert McMurrer  on them 
with the same birthdate but, different dates for my death for 
example one said 1987 and I touch it and saw William being 
violent and kill me and I would touch another and saw me 
dead on the floor and Amber putting a Dr ain-O bottle in 
my hand and cleaning up the ta ble and calling the police 
saying she walked in on me like that. 
    Sometimes in the dr eam if I go to the edge of the 
graveyard, I will see glowing orbs and when I touch them I 
would see what would have happened if my life took 
different paths one was Marie and David did not take me 
and I was adopted by a family that helped me by letting me


--- Page 126 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
118 
be creative and grow and have friends early on and be 
normal.  I would enjoy this dream and it helped me to see 
that my life could have been worse, and it could have been 
better if different things happened. 
    I am amazed that I fought the Los Angeles legal system 
and won with a little help fr om people who believed and 
helped me.  If I was not so head strong, I could have just 
given up and let Amber win but, I believe in truth and justice 
and would not let an evil person like that win. 
    Her and the people she hung out with is the reason I left 
Los Angeles because I was afraid, they would kill me 
because I told the police everything she did and even though 
she was not punished.  I had a few of them get in my face 
when they saw me someplace in public, but they would not 
attack me or do anything violent because of too many 
witnesses. 
    The best way to stop a monster is to let them know you  
are not afraid and maybe even forgive them for what they 
did to you, and I forgave them by not talking to them and 
moving on with my life. 
    Being scared and worrying about monsters can lead to 
stress and you would be looking behind your back to try and 
find an old monster or the next monster and I am done with 
that but, I would not give away my personal details and give 
other people a chance before I block them out of my life 
and keep myself safe without stress. 
    I had been running away from myself for years and was 
scared to look at myself and the times that I felt truly free 
was when I was someone or sometime something else from 
a high school student on Joan of Arcadia to a college student 
on 7 th Heaven.  I had played a German sold ier wearing a 
World Was II uniform and a zombie a few times.  I was a 
student in the 1960’s for American Dreams and a sniper on 
top of a tower who took his own life in Director’s Cut. 
    I met several amazing people on different red carpets and 
went to several VIP events in and around Los Angeles but, 
back then I could not enjoy it because I felt trapped and was


--- Page 127 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
119 
afraid to be who I was because I did not know who Robert 
McMurrer was and how to know who to trust.


--- Page 128 ---
120 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 NEW OUTLOOK 
 
 
I came back to Indiana to where my life first started and 
made a new start and try to have a life with a clean slate in 
hopes of making my life a little better.  I moved into the 
apartment complex tha t I lived in when David and Marie 
first kicked me out.  I was unsure what I wanted to do with 
my life or where to go from here. 
    I continued to work with the food delivery company as 
an independent contractor that I started bef ore I left Los 
Angeles, and it is a good way to get money and I do not deal 
with a lot of people.  I would go into the restaurant, pick up 
the food and take it to where it needed to go and continue 
with the next order. 
    I would drive around to see how everything changed and 
would drive past David and Marie old house on Ashland 
Avenue a few times knowing that different people were 
living there now.  I drove to Warren Central High School 
and remember all the times I was bullied and beaten up. 
    I was upset that I still had no friend s and tried to be a 
new and open Robert and I tried to go to diff erent events 
like speed dating but, I left with a blank paper but, I put my 
name and phone number on almost all of the women papers 
and wanted at least one in hope s that I could make at least


--- Page 129 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
121 
one friend it did not have to be a girlfriend. 
    I would go home and sit and watch sad movies wishing 
someone loved and cared for me.  People mostly online tell 
me to be myself but, I have been myself fo r several years 
and it feels like no one wants me. 
    I was thinking about going to Atlanta, Georgia or New 
York and look into maybe signin g back up with Central 
Casting and continu e living in Indiana while traveling 
around to different states for different jobs but, a year or 
two before I left Los Angeles I was working on a film and 
was hanging out by myself and one of Amber’s friend by the 
name of Chanelle saw me and came up to confirm my name 
and at first I did not recognize her and then she went to the 
Production Assistance and made a false claim and a day or 
two later I went to the Central Casting office in Burbank 
and tried to share  my side of the story but, I had trouble 
explaining the charge and legal case and I just worked with 
other background compan ies in hopes I do not run into 
anyone else. 
    One day Brian  David McMurrer  contacted me from 
prison, and he knew that I was in Indiana and begged for 
money on his books but, I refused and then he wanted me 
to help because his son needed school supplies and I agreed 
to meet his son Bryson and Ashley Wright at a Walmart in 
New Castle, Indiana to help buy school supplies. 
    I continued to help their family even though it made 
Brian mad because he did not like it and he thought I was 
helping to turn his son against him.  I never liked my brother 
and his lifestyle, and I do not want my nephew to go down 
that road and have a better life without committing crimes 
and getting arrested. 
    I got an offer in the mail to trade my Toyota Yaris that I 
brought it Texas and was running great in for a used Prius 
and when I got to the Nissan dealership on Shadeland 
Avenue in Indianapolis, Indiana the car salesperson was 
talking fast I wanted a nice used car with low payments but, 
the fast talking sales person told me that they could get me


--- Page 130 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
122 
in a new Sentra and I asked if it was a hybrid car and the 
person said yes and is great on gas and I sat down and told 
them about my deposit and  my monthly payments.  They 
told me that my deposit was low and the first few months 
would be a little higher and then my payments will be below 
the amount that I wanted and I said I guess I could tighten 
my belt for a few months and they took me into a ro om 
with an electronic table with a digital contract and the words 
was mix up in my mind and I asked if I could get a physical 
copy and come back the next day but, they claimed the 
printer was not working and if I walk out the door this deal 
is gone. 
    I felt pressured and signed and a few months later I found 
out they lied the Sentra is not a hybrid and my payments did 
not go down and I tried to get my old car back because I 
couldn't afford the Sentra and they said they already got rid 
of my car and I couldn't return the car because I already had 
it for a few months. 
    The Sentra was always having problems and a few people 
told me that t he car was a lemon and would not last long 
and I should get rid of it but, I needed a car for work, and I 
feel that most jobs I cannot do with my social problems. 
    Terry Rhyndress and Ashley let me move into a nice 
apartment above their garage and save some money and 
help them because I am next store when they need someone 
to run to the store or pick someone up, and I can go on trips 
in the surrounding states and sometimes do acting. 
    I keep a lot close to the chest and avoid sharing 
information about people that is in my life to others but, I 
do consider Terry and Ashley as family and I try to help 
them out when I am able to and sometimes they help me 
but, they have children an d a couple with autism and I try 
to avoid asking for help when possible and might turn to 
Facebook to help me. 
    On the evening of November 15 th, 2020, the Nissan car 
was in an accident because it hit a deer but, before that the 
car kept breaking down and the dealership refused to fix it


--- Page 131 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
123 
or do anything to help me  and that is why I got a Crown 
Victoria and I let them come get the car.  They claim I owe 
them a lot  of money, but I do not agree and will al ways 
refuse to pay it and I told the collection company to stop 
calling me. 
    I enjoy taking selfies of myself and creating videos that I 
post on my different social media sites.  I am trying to let 
my guard down a little more everyday and share more of 
myself in hopes of maybe one day starting a relationship and 
having a family and creating goals for myself to visit new 
places. 
    I miss going to those VIP ev ents in Los Angeles and 
when I heard about a Gala on March 16 th, 2022, in New 
Castle, I got a suit and paid to go to see if it had the same 
feeling.  The Gala was a gre at experience, but it felt 
different, and I was having trouble t alking to people or 
finding a seat because I was afraid to talk to anyone at the 
event.  I told myself if I go to the event again, I might pay 
for a table to make sure I had a place to sit at the event. 
    The Crown Victoria was having problems and needed 
parts replaced that I did not have the money for and decided 
to let the car go during the covid outbreak and I received 
some covid relief money that I used to buy a used Pr ius 
from a used car shop in New Castle with no payments and 
I enjoyed it and did not have any problems and took it out 
of town to Kentucky to do a background acting job on a 
movie. 
    When I got back from the long drive, I did not get a lot 
of sleep and was stressed and tried to do my delivery job 
but, the stress got to me, and I got i n an accident when a 
semi-truck hit me that came out of nowhere.  I was stressed 
out and did not know what to do but, luckily Brian Atkinson 
with Affordable Towing saw my post and had a car that I 
could have, and I was glad and thankful for his help. 
    I went and signed up with the Helen Wells Agency in 
Indianapolis, Indiana and they originally hired me but, a few 
weeks later they called me and told me that they changed


--- Page 132 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
124 
their minds and I believe they did a background check and 
even though it should not tu rn up it does especially when 
someone gets my arrests records.  I feel this way because the 
guy there by the name of Dennis  told someone on the 
phone that I was not a nice person, but they refused to tell 
me anything.   
    I did not believe my follower originally until they made a 
video on YouTube that was playing the phone recording of 
what Dennis said and I thought that was outrageous that 
they told one of my followers that but, I tried to call to talk 
to Dennis and he said he could not give me a reason for 
letting me go and he did not have a response to why he told 
one of my followers that but, I think he was upset my 
follower recorded the phone call. 
    During this timeframe I was depressed, but, my followers 
gave me moral support even though most of them I never 
met before and during this timeframe I went through a few 
cars because one the engine locked up and another the car 
lost power and slowed down while driving and Brian helped 
me with towing the cars to his shop and fixing them or 
trading them for me to make sure that I can work because I 
feel that I can not do most jobs because of my social anxiety 
and trouble communicating with others which is because of 
what happened in my past and I believe because of my 
mental disability. 
    I think it is important to go out more and online less and 
even though I am not a big drinker and before only drink 
when it was free at VIP events in Los Angeles, I decided to 
force myself to go to bars and other social places to meet 
people and try to create connections  and try to be Robert 
McMurrer and try to learn who Robert McMurrer is and I 
am slowly learning what I like and what I do not like to do 
or watch. 
    I started to go to local bars mostly one that I liked called 
Mad Hyena on Indiana Avenue in New Castle, Indiana and 
on Friday September 22, 2023, a woman bought me a drink 
and a group of them talked to me but, they all were married


--- Page 133 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
125 
or had boyfriends.  I hope to one day meet a woman that 
would at least take me home or go home with me. 
    I feel confident that one day I will find a woman to be in 
a relationship with me no matter if it is a one-night stand or 
even a long-term relationship. 
    It is important to never lose hope and you never know 
what will happen tomorrow or next week no matter what 
anyone might say will happen.  I proved several people 
wrong about me and abou t my life.  Even though what 
William did was not my fault I still do feel some guilt about 
what he did, and I felt like a fool for all the times that I was 
scammed. 
    My life is mine and I will live it guilt free and I will not be 
a fool anymore and I will start trusting people again and one 
day I will visit the United Kingdom and New York  and 
create other goals for the future. 
    One goal that I would like to do is to have a speaking role 
in a movie or television series even if it is for only a few 
minutes and to maybe ev en make a movie or direct an  
episode of a television series. 
    I already drove to Chicago a couple of times but, I want 
to renew my passport and drive to Canada and to New York 
and walk around Times Square.


--- Page 134 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
126 
 
 
Stressing Out in The Nissan Sentra 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
.


--- Page 135 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
127 
 
The Nissan car after I hit a deer. (November 15 th, 2020)
 
The Crown Vic when it broke down on its way to get fixed 
one of the times.


--- Page 136 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
128 
 
 
Making videos for different social media profiles using 
editing tricks I  learned o ver the years in New Castle, 
Indiana.


--- Page 137 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
129 
 
Robert McMurrer at a Gala (March 16th, 2022)


--- Page 138 ---
A Life of Monsters and Hope 
130 
 
 
Robert McMurrer at the Mad Hyena (September 12, 2023)


--- Page 139 ---
131 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR 
 
 
Robert Lawrence McMurrer wrote this book about his life 
and hopes his trauma helps others to heal and grow and go 
on with their lives. He is currently living in Indiana but 
loves to travel and see different parts of the world and 
meet different people.  He still has trust issues and is 
slowly opening himself up to meet new people and try new 
things.  Never let your monsters hold you back and 
sometimes it is best to forgive and forget and live your life.